v1.10.0 pre release changes (#744)
signalfx/splunk-otel-java: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## v1.10.0 - 2022-04-22

### General

> - OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for Java has been updated to version 1.13.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenTelemetry Java SDK and OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for Java dependencies have been updated to version 1.13.0.
```

### General

> - OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for Java has been updated to version 1.10.0.

Reviewer: Please revert this line.
